Hello future researchers and code developers !


I see that you're interested in enhancing the current state of the Social Knowledge App.
Conceptually, it's very easy to understand.
Let me guide you through the process of what the app intends to do;

1. A user have a question in mind that he/she would like to know the answer to and thus posts a question on the main app page.
2. If the question is new, the user would be able to 'forward' the question asked to several friends whom the user thinks they could answer the question.
3. The request reaches the user's friend(s), and then the friend will be directed to the question asked page.
4. The friend answers the question and the original asker would be notified.

Simple as that.

-The index.php file 
---retrieves the Facebook user's FB ID and name. (I did this for beginner's practice purposes)

-The main.php file
---displays the main content of the app. It displays the table of most recently asked question and some other relevant information about the specifc question.


The add_question.php file
---handles the simple form when the user types in a question and clicks on the submit button on the main page.


The add_answer.php file
---handles another simple form when the user clicks on a question from the main page and wishes to submit an answer from the asked question page.


The view_question.php file
---handles the action when the user clicks on a question from the table seen on the main page of the app.


The all_questions.php file
---simply displays all the questions ever asked in the history of Social Knowledge incase the user wishes to browse for questions.


Keep in mind that in order to run these files above, you would need;
1. an APP ID (get it from Facebook by registering an app)
2. an APP SECRET
3. a mysql database
4. 1 questions table.sql
5. 1 answers table.sql
6. Facebook's PHP SDK (can be download at Facebook's developers site)
7. a site or server to host your app

If any of my explanations above didn't make sense or if you have any specific questions, do leave a comment or email me at ucc.men(at)gmail.com

Thanks!


